Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to use
uh this new model LTXV
2.3
to create this uh 5 seconds video.
>> The plan is to steal ALL THE
CHIMACHANGAS. WHAT'S UP [__] OH HELLO
THERE.
>> OKAY, as you can see it works fine.
Okay, let's go.
Okay. Uh first thing first, open the com
UI portable.
Okay. Run it from here.
Okay. Fine. It's open it. Want to use
this uh workflow right here. You can get
it on the link on the description. Okay.
Uh before we use this workflow, we have
to download this requirements modus.
>> Okay. Now let's download one by one. You
can download from clicking right here
and copy download link or click download
and downloading is beginning. You can do
this proc for all the files. Second one
gets download directly. For me, I
downloaded all those files. Uh make the
same process for all those files others.
Okay. After that, let's put it one by
one. Okay. Diffusion model.
Okay. I think it's here. Let's open
another one.
and my don't
okay that's automatic
open it okay confi
model let's begin with fusion mod
okay it 219
b
okay where is this
Okay, this one it's here.
Okay, second one is Lola.
Search for Lola. We have two files in
Lawless.
paste those files right here.
Okay, we have three files. VIE as you
can see via one two and selector third
one here.
Okay, the rest of TT.
Okay.
Okay. For this text encoder,
place in clip. Search for clip here and
place the geometry right here. Replace.
Uh, okay. The clip connector and the
clip
This one.
>> Okay. This one in via I already
downloaded it.
>> Okay. Spar
up scaler and not upscale motors.
Okay. Fine.
already add those. Okay, let's return
here.
Make it the big girl.
Okay, place the motor is by clicking
right here and click like this.
Okay, there is a problem. Uh this one in
fusion model.
Where is the fusion model?
Okay. Uh let's rename this one. Think
there is problem with the name of this.
What is the name? 19B
and equals to
20.
B.
Okay. FX 219 P F key4 MM GU
is fine. Okay. Let's
roll up the page.
Okay. It's fine.
Okay. The connector. This one.
Three. This one LTX2 embedded connector.
This one
>> audio.
Okay.
This one
video. This one is good.
And partial upscaler.
Okay.
Okay. I think I is good. Okay. Let's go
with the roller and lower.
Okay. Good.
Okay, it's good.
Uh let's use this default prompt.
Okay, now it's focus.
Okay, I think it's focus.
Oh, hello there. The plan is to steal
ALL THE CHIMACHANGAS. WHAT'S UP, [__]
>> UH, as you can see, we are creating this
uh video 5 seconds. It looks
uh good video with audio five uh
seconds.
You can adjust the size of the video and
the time and going right here to this
length. You can make it bigger. For
example, if you want 10 seconds, make it
200 and hit okay and start the work. It
works fine. Okay, we are finished with
this guys. As you can see, this is my
workflow. It works fine. Subscribe for
the channel for more tuto like this.